---
layout: article
title: DuodDuoRecord
article_header:
type: overlay
theme: dark
background_color: '#123'
background_image: false
---

DuoDuoRecord Privacy policy

This policy will help you understand the following:
1. How do we collect and use your personal information?
2. How do we store and protect personal information
3. Statement of liability to third parties
4. Special Agreement on the Privacy of Minors
5. How to contact us

The Standard Version of DuoDuoRecord is a product of Nanjing Recording Technology Co., Ltd. (Registration Address: Room 305, Block A, Jiangshan Building, Jiangning District, Nanjing). The Standard Version of DuoDuoRecord (hereinafter referred to as "DuoDuoRecord" or "We") respects and protects your privacy. When you use our services, we will collect, store, use and provide your personal information according to the privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as "this policy"). At the same time, through this policy, we will show you how we can provide you with services to access, update, manage and protect your information. This policy is closely related to your use of our services. We recommend that you carefully read and understand the whole content of this policy and make the choices you think are appropriate.

In order to comply with national laws, regulations and regulations (e.g. name system management, anti-money laundering duties, risk prevention measures), as well as to provide you with services and improve the quality of service (e.g. to support us to develop new products or improve the functions of existing products, to provide you with better or suitable services), we need to collect, store, use and recommend better or more suitable services. Provide your information to the outside world. You agree that we will process your information in accordance with this policy, so that you can enjoy high quality, convenient and personalized services, while better protecting your account and capital security.

一、 How do we collect and use your personal information

Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded electronically or in other ways that can identify a particular natural person's identity or reflect the activities of a particular natural person independently or in combination with other information.
In the process of how many billing services you use, we will not record any personal information of you, so we do not need to worry about the disclosure of personal privacy.

二、How do we store and protect personal information

 Personal information collected and generated within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored locally on mobile phones. We only keep your personal information during the period necessary for the purposes stated in this Policy and within the time limit prescribed by laws, regulations and regulations.

三、Statement of liability to third parties

If you find that there are risks in the web pages created by these third parties or applications developed by third parties, it is recommended that you terminate the relevant operations to protect your legitimate rights and interests.

四、 Special Agreement on the Privacy of Minors

（一）If you are a minor, it is recommended that your parents or guardians read this policy and use our services or provide us with your information with the consent of your parents or guardians. In the case of collecting your information with the consent of parents or guardians, we will only use or publicly disclose this information if it is permitted by law, with the explicit consent of parents or guardians, or if it is necessary to protect your rights and interests. If your guardian disagrees with your use of our services or provides us with information in accordance with this policy, please stop using our services immediately and inform us in time so that we can take appropriate measures.

（二）If you are a parent or guardian of a minor, if you have any questions about the personal information processing of the minor under your guardianship, please contact us through the above contact information.

五、How to contact us

If you have any questions, comments or suggestions on this policy, please contact us through our email address, wienli_uid@163.com. Usually, we will reply initially within 3 working days and try our best to answer your questions within 30 days.
